[identity] update docs, readme and TS guide for broker feature (#27637)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity-broker/README.md

# Azure Identity plugin for brokered authentication

This package provides a plugin to the Azure Identity library for JavaScript ([`@azure/identity`](https://npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity)) that enables using an authentication broker such as [WAM](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/identity-platform/scenario-desktop-acquire-token-wam).

An authentication broker is an application that runs on a user’s machine that manages the authentication handshakes and token maintenance for connected accounts. Currently, only the Windows authentication broker, Web Account Manager (WAM), is supported.

> [Source code](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/identity/identity-broker) | [Samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity-broker/samples) | [API Reference Documentation](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/javascript/azure-identity-broker/1.0.0-beta.1/index.html) | [Microsoft Entra ID documentation] (https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/identity/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Source code](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/identity/identity-broker) | [Samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity-broker/samples) | [API reference documentation](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/javascript/azure-identity-broker/1.0.0-beta.1/index.html) | [Microsoft Entra ID documentation] (https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/identity/)
```

If this is your first time using `@azure/identity` or Microsoft Entra ID, we recommend that you read [Using `@azure/identity` with Microsoft Entra ID](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/documentation/using-azure-identity.md) first. This document will give you a deeper understanding of the platform and how to configure your Azure account correctly.

### Parent window handles

> When authenticating with the broker via `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, a parent window handle is required to ensure that the authentication dialog is shown correctly over the requesting window. In the context of graphical user interfaces on devices, a window handle is a unique identifier that the operating system assigns to each window. For the Windows operating system, this is an integer value that serves as a reference to a specific window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When authenticating with the broker via `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, a parent window handle is required to ensure that the authentication dialog is shown correctly over the requesting window. In the context of graphical user interfaces on devices, a window handle is a unique identifier that the operating system assigns to each window. For the Windows operating system, this handle is an integer value that serves as a reference to a specific window.
```

> When authenticating interactively via `InteractiveBrowserBrokerCredential`, a parent window handle is required to ensure that the authentication dialog is shown correctly over the requesting window. In the context of graphical user interfaces on devices, a window handle is a unique identifier that the operating system assigns to each window. For the Windows operating system, this is an integer value that serves as a reference to a specific window.

Reviewer 2: `InteractiveBrowserBrokerCredential` doesn't exist for JS since a new options bag is used instead, so let's adjust the wording a tiny bit. 

```suggestion
When authenticating with the broker via `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, a parent window handle is required to ensure that the authentication dialog is shown correctly over the requesting window. In the context of graphical user interfaces on devices, a window handle is a unique identifier that the operating system assigns to each window. For the Windows operating system, this is an integer value that serves as a reference to a specific window.
```

## Microsoft account (MSA) passthrough

> Microsoft accounts (MSA) are personal accounts created by users to access Microsoft services. MSA-passthrough is a legacy configuration which enables users to get tokens to resources which normally do not accept MSA logins. This is only available to first-party applications. Users authenticating with an application that is configured to use MSA-passthrough can set `legacyEnableMsaPassthrough` to `True` inside `InteractiveBrowserCredentialNodeOptions.brokerOptions`  to allow these personal accounts to be listed by WAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft accounts (MSA) are personal accounts created by users to access Microsoft services. MSA passthrough is a legacy configuration which enables users to get tokens to resources which normally don't accept MSA logins. This feature is only available to first-party applications. Users authenticating with an application that is configured to use MSA passthrough can set `legacyEnableMsaPassthrough` to `true` inside `InteractiveBrowserCredentialNodeOptions.brokerOptions` to allow these personal accounts to be listed by WAM.
```

> Microsoft accounts (MSA) are personal accounts created by users to access Microsoft services. MSA- passthrough is a legacy configuration which enables users to get tokens to resources which normally do not accept MSA logins. This is only available to first-party applications. Users authenticating with an application that is configured to use MSA-passthrough can set `legacyEnableMsaPassthrough` to `True` inside `brokerOptions` of `InteractiveBrowserCredentialNodeOptions` for `InteractiveBrowserCredentialOptionhs` to allow these personal accounts to be listed by WAM.

Reviewer 2: Can maybe make this less of a mouthful:

```suggestion
Microsoft accounts (MSA) are personal accounts created by users to access Microsoft services. MSA-passthrough is a legacy configuration which enables users to get tokens to resources which normally do not accept MSA logins. This is only available to first-party applications. Users authenticating with an application that is configured to use MSA-passthrough can set `legacyEnableMsaPassthrough` to `True` inside `brokerOptions`  to allow these personal accounts to be listed by WAM.
```
